New guide for installing new Home Assistent on Synology (#7861)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/installation/synology.markdown

layout: page
title: "Installation on a Synology NAS"
description: "Instructions to install Home Assistant on a Synology NAS."
date: 2018-12-05 10:36
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
redirect_from: /getting-started/installation-synology/
---

<p class="note warning">
Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later.<br/>
If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide, otherwise you can follow the instructions "[Using older Python 3 provided by Synology](#using-older-python-3-provided-by-synology)" at the bottom of this page.
</p>

There are 2 alternatives, when using Home Assistant on Synology NAS:
1. Using Docker (Recommended)
1. Directly running on DSM

> Option 1 is described on the [Docker installation page](/docs/installation/docker/#synology-nas), whereas Option 2 is described below, but as the instructions below require compilation, our recommendation is to run Home Assistant on Docker (If available) or a Raspberri Pi.

Reviewer: Home Assistant on Docker (if available) or a Raspberry Pi.

The following configuration has been tested on [Synology DS115j](https://www.synology.com/en-global/products/DS115j) running DSM 6.2.1-23824 Update 1.

Running these commands will:
* Compile the required new Python 3 package
* Install Home Assistant

> * Enable Home Assistant to be launched on http://*Synology_IP*:8123

Reviewer: `http://Synology_IP:8123`

> * Enable Home Assistant to be launched on http://*Synology_IP*:8123

Reviewer: `http://Synology_IP:8123`

Using the [Synology webadmin](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help):
* Install compiled Python 3 package using the [Synology Package Center](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/PkgManApp/PackageCenter_desc)

> * Create "homeassistant" user

Reviewer: Create the `homeassistant` user

> * Create "homeassistant" [Shared-Folder](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/file_share_desc)

Reviewer: Create the `homeassistant` [Shared-Folder](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/file_share_desc)

* Enable [SSH](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_terminal) service
* Optionally start Home Assistant on bootup of your Synology NAS

## {% linkable_title Making new Python 3 package %}

#### {% linkable_title Installing Docker on [Mint, Ubuntu or derivatives](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) %}

Install Docker:
```bash
# sudo apt-get update
# sudo apt-get install docker.io
```
Start Docker and enable start on system bootup:
```bash
# sudo systemctl start docker
# sudo systemctl enable docker
```

#### {% linkable_title Preparing compiling environment %}

Install Git:
```bash
# sudo apt-get install git
```
Fork and clone [spksrc](https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc), this will make a directory "~/spksrc":
```bash
git clone https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc.git ~/spksrc
```

Edit the following 2 files.

> Add these edits to make cross compiled Python module packages which Home Assistant needs to install and enable usage of the "[Cloud](/components/cloud/)" and [Homekit](/components/homekit/)" components. Most components will setup just fine, but certain components need a python package that compiles on installation, which will fail as Synology did not provide a compiler, causing said need for cross compilation.<br/>

Reviewer: enable usage of the [Cloud](/components/cloud/) and [Homekit](/components/homekit/) components

> Edit "*~/spksrc/spk/python3/src/requirements.txt*" and add the following text to the end of the file:

Reviewer: Edit `~/spksrc/spk/python3/src/requirements.txt` and add the following text to the end of the file:

```
## It may happen you want to add a component to Home Assistant, but it fails to install a Python package.
## In the logs you see a error "Unable to install package *Module_Name*", if you install that
# package with pip, some of its required packages fail with error "Failed building wheel for *Module_Name*"
## Add these Python modules/packages that fail with that "building wheel" error in to the list below.

# Example format of module:
#pythonmodule==version

## Cross compilation requirements for installing Home Assistant (Tested to work on 84.3).
cffi==1.11.5
bcrypt==3.1.4
cryptography==2.3.1

## Cross compilation requirement for installing "Warrant" module (Needed by "Cloud" Component)
pycryptodome==3.7.2

## Cross compilation requirement for installing "HAP_python" module (Needed by "Homekit" Component)
curve25519-donna==1.3
ed25519==1.4
```

> Add these edits to fix OpenSSL errors when using the "[Xiaomi_Aqara](/components/Xiaomi_Aqara/)" component.<br/>

Reviewer: Add these edits to fix OpenSSL errors when using the [Xiaomi_Aqara](/components/Xiaomi_Aqara/) component.<br/>

> Edit "*~/spksrc/spk/python3/Makefile*" and add the following text above the text "**include ../../mk/spksrc.spk.mk**":

Reviewer: Edit `~/spksrc/spk/python3/Makefile` and add the following text above the text `include ../../mk/spksrc.spk.mk`:

```makefile
## Makefile variable needed to fix "_openssl.so: undefined symbol: pthread_atfork" error when using "xiaomi_aqara" component.
export CFLAGS=-pthread
```

#### {% linkable_title Compiling the Python 3 package %}

> Modify the `docker run` command so "**XXXX**" in "*arch-**XXXX***" contains the appropriate architecture of your Synology NAS. For a list of architectures, look at this [list of architectures](https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc/wiki/Architecture-per-Synology-model) accepted by [spksrc](https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc).<br/>

Reviewer: Modify the `docker run` command so `XXXX` in `arch-XXXX` contains the appropriate

> Depending on your computer, compilation may take a hour or more (Significantly less if you have a SSD and a moderately good CPU):

Reviewer: hour or more (significantly less

```bash
# sudo docker run -it -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc -w /spksrc synocommunity/spksrc bash -c 'make clean && make setup && make -C spk/python3 arch-XXXX'
```

> After the compilation is done, you can find the Python 3 package at "*~/spksrc/packages/python3_XXXX.spk*". It should be named something like "python3_armada370-6.1_3.5.5-7.spk" with a possibly different architecture and version.

Reviewer: After the compilation is done, you can find the Python 3 package at `~/spksrc/packages/python3_XXXX.spk`. It should be named something like `python3_armada370-6.1_3.5.5-7.spk` with a possibly different architecture and version

To remove the Docker container downloaded by `docker run` to save drive space, run the following command:
```bash
# sudo docker rmi synocommunity/spksrc
```

## {% linkable_title Using the Synology webadmin %}

Install the Python 3 package as follows:

> 1. Open "[*Package Center*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/PkgManApp/PackageCenter_desc)"

Reviewer: 1. Open [*Package Center*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/PkgManApp/PackageCenter_desc)

> 1. Press the "*Manual Install*" button on the top right of the window

Reviewer: 1. Press the *Manual Install* button on the top right of the window

Same for the the rest of these points down to line 160 - don't put quotes around the option

1. Go to "[*Terminal & SNMP*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_terminal)" settings
1. Click on the checkbox next to "*Enable SSH service*"
1. Click on "*Apply*"

If you turned on the firewall on your Synology NAS, please config it to allow connections for Home Assistant:
1. Open "[*Control Panel*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/ControlPanel_desc)"
1. Go to "[*Security*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/connection_security_desc)" settings
1. Go to "[*Firewall*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/connection_security_firewall)" settings
1. Go to "*Edit Rules*"
1. Click on "*Create*"
1. Select Custom: Destination port "TCP"
1. Type "8123" in port (e.g., setting of "[*server_port*](/components/http/#server_port)" in configuration.yaml)
1. Click on "*OK*"
1. Click on "*OK*" again

## {% linkable_title Installing Home Assistant %}

After the Python 3 package has been installed, open terminal and open SSH to the synology.<br/>

> Replace "*user*" with your Synology NAS user and "x.x.x.x" with the its IP address:

Reviewer: Replace `user` with your Synology NAS user and `x.x.x.x` with the its IP address:

```bash
ssh user@x.x.x.x
```
Use `pip` to install Home Assistant:
```bash
# sudo /volume1/@appstore/python3/bin/python3 -m pip install homeassistant
```

> Create a file named "**hass-daemon**" in your "*homeassistant*" Shared-Folder with the script below as its content.<br/>

Reviewer: Create a file named `hass-daemon` in your `homeassistant` Shared-Folder with the script below as its content.<br/>

layout: page
title: "Installation on a Synology NAS"
description: "Instructions to install Home Assistant on a Synology NAS."
date: 2018-12-05 10:36
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
redirect_from: /getting-started/installation-synology/
---

<p class="note warning">

> Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide. Otherwise you can follow the instructions "[Using older Python 3 provided by Synology](#-linkable_title-using-older-python-3-provided-by-synology-)" way below of the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide. Otherwise you can follow the instructions "[Using older Python 3 provided by Synology](#using-older-python-3-provided-by-synology)" way below of the document.
```

Author: Hmm, yea you are right, when the document is going to be used, the "*linkable_title*" wouldn't exist.

Will correct were used.

Reviewer 2: I think that was the only spot.

Author: No, there were other spots, check https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/7861/commits/b6cf710e3f08c2bec5a43431f306e334869ca1bb and https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/7861/commits/a2e1c1e37ed9aa2f15c5c333bd09855615843ea5

> Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide. Otherwise you can follow the instructions "[Using older Python 3 provided by Synology](#-linkable_title-using-older-python-3-provided-by-synology-)" way below of the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide. Otherwise you can follow the instructions "[Using older Python 3 provided by Synology](#-linkable_title-using-older-python-3-provided-by-synology-)" at the bottom of this page.
```

Author: Already thought about changing that this at work, this consolidates it.

</p>

There are 2 alternatives, when using Home Assistant on Synology NAS:
1. Using Docker (Recommended)
1. Directly running on DSM

Option 1 is described on the [Docker installation page](/docs/installation/docker/#synology-nas), whereas Option 2 is described below, but as the instructions below require compilation, our recommendation is to run Home Assistant on Docker (If available) or a Raspberri Pi.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Had already removed a few minutes before this comment, not needed anymore.

Update, nvm, am blind read blank "space", will correct.

layout: page
title: "Installation on a Synology NAS"
description: "Instructions to install Home Assistant on a Synology NAS."
date: 2018-12-05 10:36
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
redirect_from: /getting-started/installation-synology/
---

<p class="note warning">

> Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. If you want to run newer Home Assistant versions, you will need to make a new Python 3 package, which will be detailed in this guide. Otherwise you can manually specify the version of Home Assistant to install, for example to install version 0.64.3 you would do `./python 3 -m pip install homeassistant==0.64.3`

Reviewer 3: ...Until Synology offers ...

"...need to make a new Python 3 package" needs to be "...install the new Python 3 package from SynoCommunity"

Maybe remove the space between "python" and "3"; additionally, "/var/packages/python3/target/bin/pip3 install homeassistant==0.64.3" works.

Using "./python3" (ie "current directory" requires previous context to not change; I would suggest full pathnames so that the reader doesn't need to track down what directory he or she needs to be in.

Author: Thanks @chickenandpork, I did not pay much attention to that part since it was from the original guide, even though I should have.
I do wonder if I should include a part of the old guide at the end of the document under some header like "Previous guide" or something like that, then link to that from the warning note.

Author: Btw, is it better to link from "/volume1/@appstore/python3" or "/var/packages/python3" and if so why?
Currently all python3 binaries in the guide are linked from "@appstore", but I do not mind changing that to try make things more future-proof.
Might it be possible users have a different directory such as "/volume2" for "@appstore" or is this a almost non existent case?

Reviewer 3: First, it should be `/volume1/@appstore/python3`

I would suggest `/var/packages/python3` rather than `/volume1/@appstore/python3` because `volume1` is chosen by the user (I have two volumes, for example) so if the user chooses to install in `volume2`, the resulting path is a softlink from `/var/packages/python3/target` to `/volume2/@appstore/python3/` -- notice how `/var/packages/python3` remains correct, but `/volume1/` is now incorrect?  `/var/` links seem more predictable in this really rare case.

Author: For me the location does not really matter, as long as it is predictable.
Is there a big chance Synology might change "/var/packages/python3" to some different location in the future? If not, I would be using "/var" in a flash.

I mean, if a new DSM causes a change of the var path, I would prefer "/volume1", since it is easy to tell a user to change a number because of different volume.
Telling to find somewhere in "/var" is harder and confusing.

* Create "homeassistant" user
* Create "homeassistant" [Shared-Folder](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/file_share_desc)
* Enable [SSH](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_terminal) service
* Optionally start Home Assistant on bootup of your Synology

## {% linkable_title Getting prerequisites) %}

#### {% linkable_title Installing Docker on [Mint, Ubuntu or derivatives](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) %}

Install Docker
```bash
# sudo apt-get update
# sudo apt install docker.io
```
Start Docker and enable start on system bootup
```bash
# sudo systemctl start docker
# sudo systemctl enable docker
```
Download the [spksrc Docker container](https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc#docker):
```bash
# sudo docker pull synocommunity/spksrc
```
#### {% linkable_title Preparing compiling environment %}
Install Git
```bash
# sudo apt-get install git
```
Fork and clone spksrc, this will make a directory named "spksrc".
```bash

> $ git clone https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc.git

Reviewer 3: If the command on line 72 assumes you're cloning into `~/spksrc` then perhaps you should:

`git clone https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc.git ~/spksrc`

Author: Hmm, in case the terminal is in a different directory, the cloned repository would be in a different directory.
Thanks, will change.

```

Edit the following 2 files.

These edits will make cross compiled Python module packages, which Home Assistant needs to install. These edits also enable use of the "[Cloud](/components/cloud/)" and [Homekit](/components/homekit/)" components.
Most components will setup just fine, but certain components need a python package that compiles on installation, which will fail as Synology did not provide a compiler, causing said need for cross compilation.

Edit "*~/spksrc/spk/python3/src/requirements.txt*" and add the following text to the end of the file:
```
## It may happen you want to add a component to Home Assistant, but it fails to install a Python package.
## In the logs you see a error "Unable to install package *Module_Name*", if you install that
# package with pip, some of its required packages fail with error "Failed building wheel for *Module_Name*"
## Add these Python modules/packages that fail with that "building wheel" error in to the list below.

# Example format of module:
#pythonmodule==version

## Cross compilation requirements for installing Home Assistant (Tested to work on 84.3).
cffi==1.11.5
bcrypt==3.1.4
cryptography==2.3.1

> ## Cross compilation requirement for installing "Warrent" module (Needed by "Cloud" Component)

Reviewer 3: s/Warrent/Warrant/ ?

Author: Because warrant and warrent sound the same to me, these kind of mistakes happen so often...
Will correct.

pycryptodome==3.7.2

```bash
# ./python3 -m pip install homeassistant==0.64.3
## Cross compilation requirement for installing "HAP_python" module (Needed by "Homekit" Component)
curve25519-donna==1.3
ed25519==1.4
```

Create homeassistant config directory & switch to it

Add these edits to fix OpenSSL errors when using the "[Xiaomi_Aqara](/components/Xiaomi_Aqara/)" component.  
Edit "*~/spksrc/spk/python3/Makefile*" and add the following text above the text "**include ../../mk/spksrc.spk.mk**":
```makefile
## Makefile variable needed to fix "_openssl.so: undefined symbol: pthread_atfork" error when using "xiaomi_aqara" component.
export CFLAGS=-pthread
```
#### {% linkable_title Compiling the Python 3 package %}
Make the Python 3 package for your Synology model, please replace "arch-**XXXX**" by the apporiate architecture of your Synology. For a list of architectures, look at this [list of architectures](https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc/wiki/Architecture-per-Synology-model) accepted by spksrc. Depending on your computer, compilation may take a hour or more (Significantly less if you have a SSD and a moderately good CPU).
```bash

> # mkdir /volume1/homeassistant

Reviewer 3: `mkdir -m 0755 /volume1/homeassistant`

Author: Making a directory manually was a part of the old guide.
The instruction for the current guide is to make a "homeassistant" Shared-Folder.

> # sudo docker run -it -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc synocommunity/spksrc /bin/bash

Reviewer 3: `sudo docker run -it -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc synocommunity/spksrc  -w /spksrc /bin/bash`

You can almost one-shot this.  Two command lines would be:

```
sudo docker run -it --rm -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc -w /spksrc synocommunity/spksrc  make setup
sudo docker run -it --rm -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc -w /spksrc synocommunity/spksrc  make -C spk/python3 arch-XXXX-6.1
```

Author: Why do you specify the DSM version in the second command?
Wouldn't it be better leave it to the default setting when executing `make setup`?

Good idea, better than a potential area of confusion when users forget their terminal is active in the docker container.

Could probably shorten by multiple commands with bash -c parameter.
```bash
sudo docker run -it --rm -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc -w /spksrc synocommunity/spksrc bash -c 'make setup && make -C spk/python3 arch-XXXX'
```

Author: Although, might adding the version be better in the case a user runs a older version of DSM (e.g., 6.1)? I mean in the case his NAS is no longer supported and no new DSM is available?
Might new DSM become incompatible because of setting a DSM version?

Author: When the user executes `docker run`, his container is removed because of `--rm`.
In case the compilation is cancelled or fails, his docker container would also be removed?
Is it not better to let the user decide to remove the containers?

I might even have to add  a container remove command anyway in case the user runs `docker pull`, but the download fails, filling "/var/lib/docker/overlay" with corrupted containers.

I tried looking for a command to delete corrupted containers, but `docker rm` did not seem to erase these. I was able to erase these by stopping docker service and deleting "/var/lib/docker", but what are the odds the user is actually using Docker for other purposes and then has to re-download all his Docker containers...?

Author: Never mind, tested again, seems the thing with the Docker containers were just a placebo effect and it cleans-up just fine.

Though I still oppose to removing the docker container when running the compilation command, a better solution is adding a separate command for removing the docker container, that way the user won't have to re-download the container on every run and it is easier to decide if he wants to remove the container and the user won't be confused if he runs the command a second time and gets a error because the docker container was removed.

> Inside some of the `.whl` files (These are zip archives) you need to rename all files containing the text "**x86_64-linux-gnu**" to "**arm-linux-gnueabihf**", this is only required for ARM based Synology's.  

Reviewer 3: nit: "Synology's" is possessive as though a Synology owns something; "Synologies" would be plural except that "Synology" is a proper noun, hence "Synologys" (odd) or "Synology DSMs" (fairly neutral) is most applicable.

Author: Synology DSMs would refer to the operating system, which in this case seems to be the most fitting.
English is not my native language, but looking at some noun rules, should "DSMs" not be "DSMs'"?

Reviewer 3: You're correct, it would be "Synology DiskStations" or "Synology Products".  This is like the "Lego-vs-Legos" argument, where "Legos" is not actually plural of "Lego": it would be "Lego Bricks", "Lego toys", or just "Lego" (pluralizing like "sheep", "moose", "fish")

Synology public relations refers to their products as "Synology Products" or "Synology NAS" (I guess using "NAS" as plural for "NAS" :) )

Author: NAS is more user friendly, DSMs' sounds weird, I will be taking NAS.

Author: I decided to remove the "#Extracting cross compiled packages" part since after a little testing I saw that installing the `.whl` manually is not needed, which means the edits discussed in this conversation are invalidated.
Must have left it around because in the beginning I installed Home Assistant in virtual python environment.

If you want to read the lastest bit of that part, you can find it in [this commit](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/7861/commits/07efb626821f34c2439331537fad040a40e8bb40).

Oh well...

layout: page
title: "Installation on a Synology NAS"
description: "Instructions to install Home Assistant on a Synology NAS."
date: 2018-12-05 10:36
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
redirect_from: /getting-started/installation-synology/
---

<p class="note warning">

> Synology only provide <a href="https://www.synology.com/nl-nl/dsm/packages/py3k">Python 3.5.1</a>, which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later. Until Synology offer an updated version of Python, Home Assistant 0.64 is the most recent version that will be able to be installed. You can manually specify the version of Home Assistant to install, for example to install version 0.64.3 you would do `./python3 -m pip install homeassistant==0.64.3`

Reviewer 4: Please use Markdown to format links
```raw
[Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/nl-nl/dsm/packages/py3k)
```

Author: Does Markdown work inside html tags, like Paragraph?
When I try to use Markdown formatted hyperlinks, these are not parsed in the preview.
Instead to compensate, I used hyperlink tags.

In the case Markdown is not supported in this way and html hyperlinks is not accepted, should I remove hyperlinks altogether and only add the URL in "Thread for more info: Python >=3.5.3 on Synology."?
I will not be able to link to the components pages, so should I remove the info about which components for example will work? That info is useful so the user has a idea what this guide fixes, compared to the previous guide.

I could also instead remove the Paragraph tag and just use normal text, but the user might think with only the warning note, that is applicable to the new guide on first look (which with a note to the update info it catches the eye, so the user would read that first instead of skimming).

Reviewer 4: It should work.

Author: Alright, I will be changing it all to Markdown then.

</p>

<p class="note">

> Update: You can install a more recent home assistant (eg, 0.84.2) by manually compiling a python3 package using the <a href="https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc">spksrc compilation framework</a>. The new installation guide will be a little different though, but the upside is most failing components will now work, such as “<a href="/components/discovery/">Discovery</a>”, “<a href="/components/cloud/">Cloud</a>” and “<a href="/components/Xiaomi_Aqara/">Xiaomi_Aqara</a>”. Thread for more info: <a href="https://community.home-assistant.io/t/python-3-5-3-on-synology/46372/27">Python >=3.5.3 on Synology</a>.

Reviewer 4: It's `Home Assistant` and `Python 3`. And please use `e.g.,` as we agreed to use it that way across the documentation.

Author: The "python3" name refers to the package name for Synology, not the project+version.
https://www.synology.com/nl-nl/dsm/packages/py3k
The package name internally is "py3k" though, so I in that sense the package name is not really correct anyway, so I will change it based on your direction.
The rest I will apply too.

</p>

There are 2 alternatives, when using Home Assistant on Synology NAS:
1. Using Docker
2. Directly running on DSM

Option 1 is described on the [Docker installation page](/docs/installation/docker/), whereas Option 2 is described below.

The following configuration has been tested on [Synology DS115j](https://www.synology.com/en-global/products/DS115j) running DSM 6.2.1-23824 Update 1.

Running these commands will:
* Compile the required new Python3 package
* Install Home Assistant
* Enable Home Assistant to be launched on http://*Synology_IP*:8123

Using the [Synology webadmin](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM):
* Install compiled Python3 package using the [Synology Package Center](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/PkgManApp/PackageCenter_desc)

> * Create “homeassistant” user and add to the “users” group

Reviewer 4: Please use `"` for quotes.

* Create “homeassistant” “Shared-Folder”
* Optionally Start Home Assistant on Bootup of Synology

Like you might have read above, at this time of writing, Synology has not provided a recent [Python3](https://www.synology.com/nl-nl/dsm/packages/py3k) package, so we have to create a recent Python3 package ourself.
Do not worry though, were gonna try keep this as painless as possible.

## {% linkable_title Preparing prerequisites %}

In this guide we are going to use a Linux based Operating System such as [Ubuntu](https://www.ubuntu.com/), [Mint](https://linuxmint.com/) or [Solus](https://getsol.us) to minimize difficulty. You will also need [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/).

> You can think of [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) as a way more powerful [Chroot](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/BasicChroot) and containers as ready made mini operating systems.

Reviewer 4: I think that this is nice to know but doesn't add value to the guide.

Author: I am assuming Windows users and people on different Linux distributions might follow the guide, so it is nice to let them know what system they could run to make everything work nicely.
I could remove the Docker sentence though.

Author: The steps displaying how to install Docker already has a header for the system it runs on.
Currently the header for Ubuntu, Mint and derivatives has a hyperlink to the Docker page and the Solus URL to the Solus homepage.
For Solus there is no specific Docker page.
Should I change the Ubuntu hyperlink to the appropriate homepage hyperlink, or leave as is?

Author: I have changed as you requested and removed that part, should I change the header to instead include the homepages, leave as Docker installation page hyperlink or no hyperlink at all?

> ---

Reviewer 4: Remove this.

### {% linkable_title Installing Docker on [Mint, Ubuntu or derivatives](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) %}

Refresh package lists:
```bash

> # sudo apt-get update

Reviewer 4: `#` should only be used if the command is executed by root. Use `$` otherwise.

```
Install prerequisite packages which lets APT get packages over HTTPS:
```bash
# sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
```
Add GPG key for the official Docker repository to your system:
```bash
# curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
```
<p class="note">
The “lsb_release -cs” sub-command below returns the name of your Ubuntu distribution, such as xenial.
Sometimes, in a distribution like Linux Mint, you might need to change “lsb_release -cs” to your parent Ubuntu distribution.
For example, if you are using Linux Mint <b>Tara</b> (eg, 19), you could use <b>Bionic</b> (eg, 18.04).
</p>

```bash
# sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu $(lsb_release -cs) stable"
```
Refresh package lists for newly added Docker repository:
```bash
# sudo apt-get update
```
Install Docker:
```bash
# sudo apt-get install docker-ce
```

> ---

Reviewer 4: Not needed.

Author: This is a integral part of the guide, as a docker container is needed.
The alternative is the user installing build-essential and all sorts of dev packages, preferable in a virtual machine, at which point this is going to have too many steps and going to be user unfriendly, which is why I prefer Docker.

This is all needed to compile new Python 3 Synology package, which I already made steps to make it copy and paste friendly.

> ### {% linkable_title Installing Docker on [Solus](https://getsol.us) %}

Reviewer 4: Remove the Solus section and all parts that refer to Solus. If a user is using Solus it's usually an experienced user who an adapt the Ubuntu guide.

These edits also enable you to use the “[Cloud](/components/cloud/)” component and fix the OpenSSL errors when using the “[Xiaomi_Aqara](/components/Xiaomi_Aqara/)” component.

Edit “*~/spksrc/spksrc/spk/python3/src/requirements.txt*”, add at the end of the file:
```
##Cross compilation requirements for installing Home Assistant (Tested to work on 83.3).
##In the future, the requirements may change (need newer version to work, eg), modify as needed.
cffi==1.11.5
bcrypt==3.1.4
cryptography==2.3.1
#Cross compilation requirement for installing “Warrent” module (Needed by “Cloud” Component)
pycryptodome==3.7.2
```

Edit “*~/spksrc/spksrc/spk/python3/src/Makefile*”, add above the line that says “<b>include ../../mk/spksrc.spk.mk</b>”:
```makefile
# Needed to fix “_openssl.so: undefined symbol: pthread_atfork” error caused by lack of libpthread linkage on Synology (Needed for SSL and “xiaomi_aqara” component)
export CFLAGS=-pthread
```

## {% linkable_title Compiling the Python3 package %}
Run the container, this will make your terminal run inside the Docker container:
```bash

> # docker run -it -v ~/spksrc:/spksrc synocommunity/spksrc /bin/bash

Reviewer 4: Can a regular user run Docker?

Author: By regular user, do you mean a less technical user or a less privileged user?
If by less privileged user, the use of superuser is needed when installing packages and using Systemd to activate docker service, the rest has been written so it can be run as normal user.

The "docker run" command is done without superuser by following the guide and running:
[
To enable your user account to manage Docker without superuser privileges, add your user account to the “docker” group:
```bash
# sudo gpasswd -a YOUR_USER_ACCOUNT docker
```
]

If you mean less technical user, the guide has been made to be very simple and explaining, as you could for the most part just copy paste commands and everything works, until the parts you need to edit files or add slightly modify commands to insert user or IP.
The use of Home Assistant already sets a point were you need some technical knowledge (in the sense of terminal, "scary" commands and the sort).

Reviewer 4: I was talking about a less privileged system user.

Author: If it is better, I can remove the step for adding the user to the 'docker' group (which allowed that regular user to run docker) and instead require superuser for 'docker run'.

# cd spksrc/
# make setup
# cd spk/python3
```

> <p class='note'>

Reviewer 4: I don't think that this needs to be a note.

You need to change the arch-XXXX to the architecture of your Synology (eg, DS115j = arch-armada370)
For information about the Arch of your Synology look at the <a href="https://github.com/SynoCommunity/spksrc/wiki/Architecture-per-Synology-model">list of architectures on spkrc</a>
Depending on your device, compilation may take a hour or more (significantly less if you have a SSD and a good CPU).
</p>

Compile Python3 for your Synology model
```bash
# make arch-XXXX
```
After the compilation is done, you can find the Python package at “*~/spksrc/spksrc/packages/python3_XXXX.spk*”.
It should be named something like “python3_armada370-6.1_3.5.5-7.spk”, of course with a possibly different arch and version.

Now you need to extract your “cross compiled module package” files which you added earlier.

> For ease of use this guide will use p7zip for extracting from these archives.

Reviewer 4: Why not use `tar/zip` which is likely to be in the default package set?

Author: For simplicity, so the user can simply copy paste a command and stuff just works.
I know no default program that can rename files inside archives without extracting.
7-Zip can and does it fast and quietly and since the guide describes installing Docker and Git, installing p7zip shouldn't be a problem.

The user also does not have to use Git and 7-Zip if he does not want/can, since the user can use the "Clone/Download" button on Github and rename all files as described inside the ".whl" files manually using any zip archiving program.

If I should change this anyway, I could write a command which unpacks, renames and repacks the file.
I could also add a special dd command that renames all files without extracting...nah better to not.

Reviewer 4: I was just asking. It make sense to use the the tools which provide the easiest way to do something.

Author: If it makes that part better, I have made most of the commands to use usually found tools in the system.
The part for renaming the archives I have still made use of p7zip, but made it a command which will rename all files required to be renamed in all '.whl' archives found in it's current directory instead of presuming a certain file.

Author: Hello, I made a command which makes use of the usually included commands in a linux based system to do the renaming job, however I do feel like it is more efficient to just use the p7zip based command, as it's shorter, simply renames files inside archives without unpacking and is quite a bit faster.
Though that would usually require installing p7zip.

This one will do the same kind of big operation, but instead does the following: Do a operation on all .whl archives, unzip archive, rename files, create zip, delete tempdir, repeat.
It runs in the current directory and is basically a copy paste should just work kind of command.
```sh
rand=$RANDOM; for module in *.whl; do unzip "$module" -d "temp$rand" && find "temp$rand" -name "*x86_64-linux-gnu*" -type f | while read -r file; do mv "$file" "$(echo $file | sed "s/x86_64-linux-gnu/arm-linux-gnueabihf/")"; done && rm "$module" && (cd "temp$rand" && zip -r0 "../$module" ./) && rm -r "temp$rand"; done
```
Should I replace the 7z based command with this?

# 7z e package.tar -o"Module-Packages" "share/wheelhouse/cffi-1.11.5-cp35-none-any.whl"
# 7z e package.tar -o"Module-Packages" "share/wheelhouse/bcrypt-3.1.4-cp35-none-any.whl"
# 7z e package.tar -o"Module-Packages" "share/wheelhouse/cryptography-2.3.1-cp35-none-any.whl"
# 7z e package.tar -o"Module-Packages" "share/wheelhouse/pycryptodome-3.7.2-cp35-none-any.whl"
```
This should give you a directory named “**Module-Packages**” with four .whl files, which you need to install later.
Inside some of the .whl archives you need to rename all files containing the text “**x86_64-linux-gnu**” to “**arm-linux-gnueabihf**”.
If you do not, these will be ignored by Python on ARM based Synology's, causing Home Assistant to not function.
```bash
# 7z rn "Module-Packages/cffi-1.11.5-cp35-none-any.whl" "_cffi_backend.cpython-35m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so" "_cffi_backend.cpython-35m-arm-linux-gnueabihf.so"
# 7z l "Module-Packages/pycryptodome-3.7.2-cp35-none-any.whl" | grep "x86_64-linux-gnu" | cut -c54- | while read -r file; do 7z rn "Module-Packages/pycryptodome-3.7.2-cp35-none-any.whl" "$file" "$(echo $file | sed "s/x86_64-linux-gnu/arm-linux-gnueabihf/")"; done
```
<p class='note'>

> The 7z <b>rn</b> (eg, rename) parameter was included from 7-Zip 9.30, in the case you are pitifully stuck on a older version, do as follows.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The 7z <b>rn</b> (eg, rename) parameter was included from 7-Zip 9.30, in the case you have older version, do as follows.
```

Author: I can change the sentence to:
[
in the case your distribution only has a older version available, do as follows.
]
I this acceptable?

Reviewer 4: Fine with me.

> Extract the .whl (these are zip archives), rename all files as described above, then rearchive as zip (ofcourse the same full name with .whl and without .zip).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Extract the .whl (these are zip archives), rename all files as described above, then rearchive as zip (use the same full name with `.whl` as extension and not `.zip`).
```

Author: Is there a reason you used backticks instead of quotes?

Reviewer 5: Backticks allows the code to be formatted properly.

Author: In what cases should is using backticks appropriate?
it is not clear to me yet the use case between quotes and backticks.

Right now I understand backticks here are to show part of the filename, but should I be using backticks in all places were something might be used in commands or filenames?

</p>

> ## {% linkable_title Using the Synology webadmin: %}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## {% linkable_title Using the Synology webadmin %}
```

* The "*Password*" up to your choice
* Click on “*Next*”
* Make sure only “*users*” group is checked and click “*Next*”
* Set the permission “*Read/Write*” for “*homeassistant*” and the all the other Shared-Folders to “*No access*”
* Click on “*Next*”
* Click on “*Next*” again
* Click on “*Apply*”.

In the case you turned on the firewall on your Synology device, please config it to allow connections for Home Assistant:
* Open “[*Control Panel*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/ControlPanel_desc)”
* Go to “[*Security*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/connection_security_desc)” settings
* Go to “[*Firewall*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/connection_security_firewall)” settings
* Go to “*Edit Rules*”
* Click on “*Create*”
* Select Custom: Destination port “TCP”
* Type “8123” in port (eg, setting in [*server_port*](/components/http/#server_port))
* Click on “*OK*”
* Click on “*OK*” again

## {% linkable_title Installing Home Assistant %}

After the Python 3 package has been installed, open terminal and open SSH to the synology.

> Replace “<i>user</i>” with your Synology user and “x.x.x.x” with the its IP-Adress.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Replace “<i>user</i>” with your Synology user and “x.x.x.x” with the its IP address.
```

```bash

> # ssh user@x.x.x.x

Reviewer 4: `#` should only be used if the command is executed by root.

```
Create a virtual Python environment where we will install Home Assistant into.
This will leave the Python package untouched, makes Home Assistant work better and installable/updateable without sudo.

> Note: After you made a virtual Python envoriment, you cant relocate the folder, else it will break. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note: After you made a virtual Python environment, you can't relocate the folder, else it will break. 
```

Make a new one if you need to change it's name, the path or Shared-Folder.
```bash

> # /volume1/@appstore/python3/bin/python3 -m venv /volume1/homeassistant/venv-hass

Reviewer 4: `#` should only be used if the command is executed by root.

```
Activate the virtual Python environment
```bash
# source /volume1/homeassistant/venv-hass/bin/activate
```
Install the “cross compiled module package” files we compiled earlier.
This command expects you have copied the “*Module-Packages*” directory to your “*homeassistant*” Shared-Folder.
```bash
# cd /volume1/homeassistant/Module-Packages
# pip3 install cffi-1.11.5-cp35-none-any.whl bcrypt-3.1.4-cp35-none-any.whl cryptography-2.3.1-cp35-none-any.whl pycryptodome-3.7.2-cp35-none-any.whl
```
Install Home Assistant
```bash
# pip3 install homeassistant
```
Leave the virtual Python environment
```bash
# deactivate
```

> Create a file named “hass-daemon” in the “homeassistant” Shared-Folder with the script below as it's content.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a file named “hass-daemon” in the “homeassistant” Shared-Folder with the script below as its content.
```

        exit 1
        ;;
esac
```

## {% linkable_title Controlling Home Assistant %}

* Start Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon start
```
* Stop Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon stop
```
* Restart Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon restart
```
* Upgrade Home Assistant:
```bash
# sudo /volume1/@appstore/python3/bin/python3 -m pip install --upgrade homeassistant
```
<p class="note">

> If you need a update for Python 3 or added a component which failed because of a Python module not installing on your Synology NAS with error code "_Failed building wheel for *Module_Name*_", delete the "*~/spksrc*" directory and redo the guide, but add the failed python module to "*requirements.txt*" from "[Preparing compiling environment](#preparing-compiling-environment)".

Reviewer: If you need a update for Python 3 or added a component which failed because of a Python module not installing on your Synology NAS with error code _Failed building wheel for *Module_Name*_, delete the `~/spksrc` directory and redo the guide, but add the failed python module to `requirements.txt` from [Preparing compiling environment](#preparing-compiling-environment).

</p>

## {% linkable_title Starting Home Assistant on bootup %}

To have Home Assistant start on bootup of your Synology NAS, do as follows:

> 1. Open "[*Control Panel*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/ControlPanel_desc)"

Reviewer: Remove quotes here, down to 312

1. Go to "[*Task Scheduler*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_taskscheduler)" settings
1. Click on "*Create*" > "*Triggered Task*" > "*User-defined script*"
1. In "*Task*" write "**Home Assistant**"
1. Click on the checkbox next to "*Enabled*"
1. Make sure "*root*" is selected in "*User*"
1. Go to "*Task Settings* settings
1. In "*User-defined script*" write "**/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon start**"
1. Click on "*OK*"

---

## {% linkable_title Using older Python 3 provided by Synology %}

<p class="note warning">
Synology only provides [Python 3.5.1](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/packages/py3k), which is not compatible with Home Assistant 0.65.0 or later.<br/>
The instructions above describes how to install newer Home Assistant on your Synology NAS.<br/>

> If you want to proceed with a older version of Home Assistant, follow the instructions below. Please note that you may not be able to use certain components, such as "[Cloud](/components/cloud/)" and [Homekit](/components/homekit/)".

Reviewer: Remove quotes

</p>

Running these commands will:
* Install Home Assistant 0.64.3

> * Enable Home Assistant to be launched on http://*Synology_IP*:8123

Reviewer: `http://Synology_IP:8123`

Using the [Synology webadmin](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help):
* Install Python 3 using the Synology Package Center

> * Create "homeassistant" user

Reviewer: * Create the `homeassistant` user

> * Create "homeassistant" [Shared-Folder](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/file_share_desc)

Reviewer: Create the `homeassistant` [Shared-Folder]

* Enable [SSH](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_terminal) service
* Optionally start Home Assistant on bootup of your Synology NAS

### {% linkable_title Install Synology provided Python 3 %}

Install Python 3 as follows:

> 1. Open "[*Package Center*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/PkgManApp/PackageCenter_desc)"

Reviewer: Remove quotes here and next two lines

1. Go to "*All Packages*"
1. Scroll all the way down until you find "*Python3*" and click on "*Install*"

Follow the other instructions at "[Using the Synology webadmin](#using-the-synology-webadmin)", ignore the  "Python 3 package" part.

### {% linkable_title Installing Home Assistant 0.64.3 %}

After the Python 3 package has been installed, open terminal and open SSH to the synology.<br/>

> Replace "*user*" with your Synology NAS user and "x.x.x.x" with the its IP address:

Reviewer: Replace `user` with your Synology NAS user and `x.x.x.x` with the its IP address:

```bash
$ ssh user@x.x.x.x
```
Install `pip` (Python’s package management system):
```bash
# sudo /volume1/@appstore/py3k/usr/local/bin/python3 -m ensurepip
```
Use `pip` to install Homeassistant 0.64.3:
```bash
# sudo /volume1/@appstore/py3k/usr/local/bin/python3 -m pip install homeassistant==0.64.3
```

> Create a file named "**hass-daemon**" in your "*homeassistant*" Shared-Folder with the script below as its content.

Reviewer: Create a file named `hass-daemon` in your `homeassistant` Shared-Folder with the script below as its content.

        else
            echo ${DNAME} is not running
            exit 0
        fi
        ;;
        restart)
        if daemon_status; then
            echo Stopping ${DNAME} ...
            stop_daemon
            echo Starting ${DNAME} ...
            start_daemon
            exit $?
        else
            echo ${DNAME} is not running
            echo Starting ${DNAME} ...
            start_daemon
            exit $?
        fi
        ;;
    status)
        if daemon_status; then
            echo ${DNAME} is running
            exit 0
        else
            echo ${DNAME} is not running
            exit 1
        fi
        ;;
    log)
        echo ${LOG_FILE}
        exit 0
        ;;
    *)
        exit 1
        ;;
esac
```

### {% linkable_title Controlling Home Assistant 0.64.3 %}

* Start Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon start
```
* Stop Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon stop
```
* Restart Home Assistant:
```bash
/volume1/homeassistant/hass-daemon restart
```

### {% linkable_title Starting Home Assistant 0.64.3 on bootup %}

To have Home Assistant start on bootup of your Synology NAS, do as follows:

> 1. Open "[*Control Panel*](https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/ControlPanel_desc)"

Reviewer: Remove quotes here to the end

        exit 1
        ;;
esac
```

> ## {% linkable_title Controlling Home Assistent %}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## {% linkable_title Controlling Home Assistant %}
```
